We want to clean this entire notebook up. for this reason we move the party class outside in its own file with all the respective methods.
We want to make it very simple and clean. we dont need real signings and all of this. we simply use these two encryption and decryption functions.

the party class needs a Name attribute
on instantiation it will generate a public key and a private key
furthermore it can generate a nonce and save it in an attribute
additionally it can generate a session key and save it in an attribute.

then for demonstration purposes we just need the following methods:

apply hashing (string, hashing function)
apply encryption (string, ecryption function)
apply decryption (string, decryption function)
combine hash and message (message, hash) -- we just join the hash and the message together
split hash and message (combined message, hash length) -- we need to know the number of characters in the hash to ensure we split at the correct part, we always combine hash+message

push message to queue (string, queue)
pop message from queue (string, queue)

The idea with the queues is that we later can put a man in the middle by using two queues party A sends to queue 1 then MITM does things and pushes it to queue 2 before party B picks it up.
We dont want that implemented yet though.

So in total we need the following showcases:

Confidentiality:

Symmetric Encryption - this should be only a couple of lines, use cryptography
Asymmetric Encryption - this should be only a couple of lines, use cryptography

we just want to take a string, apply encryption, print the encrypted string
decrypt the string again and see if it works

Authentication:

We want to use the nonce method where party b sends party A a nonce.
Party a then encrypts it with their private key.
party b then decrypts it with the public key of a.
it then compares the decrypted with the sent nonce.

Integrity:

We want to use the encrypted hash to show that a message was not changed. The message is sent in clear text.

party a hashes the message, then it encrypts it with its own private key. then the encrypted hash + the message is sent a sone package to party B
party b decrypts the combined message, splits it, hashes the message again on its own and compares the hashes.

All together:

We do two steps. First we need to exchange session keys.
first party a generates a session key. Then it encrypts it with the public key of party b.
then it pushes it to the message queue. party b decrypts it with their private key. now both parties have the session keys.
Now we can send messages. 
party a encrypts the has of the message using its own private key. then it joins the message as well as the ecrytped hash.
the combined message is then enrytped with the session key and sent to party b
party b decrypts it with the symmetric session key.
then it splits message from encrypted hash, decrypts hash, checks if message intergrity is good.
if so the message has been successfully transmitted.





